#Tim Pauley
#Date March 02 2019
#Assignment 07
#File Name: Findings.txt

#Concurrency & Async Programming

'''
Assignment
HP Norton is having success with their new computer system written in 
Python. So much success, in fact, that the way they have had some of 
their systems written is starting to introduce processing bottlenecks, 
and therefore delays for users.

In this lesson’s assignment, we are going to apply techniques beyond 
vertical scaling (upgrading servers) to help maximize their application 
performance.

You should address the following general requirements:

As a user of the HP Norton systems, I need to be confident that the 
system will perform sufficiently rapidly that responses are almost 
instantaneous, and I am not kept waiting for the system to complete 
its processing. I feel the system now is too slow, and I want to see 
if improvements can be made without having to upgrade our hardware.
Here is what you need to do:

Demonstrate with real profile data the time taken to run your existing 
customer and product add / update logic.
Amend the add and update logic for both customers and products so that 
it can process these in parallel. Your module should launch the updates 
o both databases simultaneously. Provide real timing data for your new 
approach.
Compare and contrast parallel vs. linear performance and recommend to 
management if a change is worthwhile.
To show you have thought through your design, create and provide an 
example of where the program fails due to contention and explain why 
in code comments, and how that will be avoided when the system is 
running.

You will submit two modules: linear.py and parallel.py
Each module will return a list of tuples, one tuple for customer and 
one for products. Each tuple will contain 4 values: the number of 
records processed (int), the record count in the database prior to 
running (int), the record count after running (int), and the time 
taken to run the module (float).

You will also submit a text file containing your findings.
Other requirements:

Your code should not trigger any warnings or errors from Pylint.
Testing

Make sure your tests run as expected.
Submission

You will need to submit linear.py, parallel.py, your brief bullet point notes on findings and recommendations called findings.txt, and any test files you develop.
Tips
'''
